Adding Northflank for deploying prometheus and explorer (#45)
autometrics-dev/docs: src/pages/deploying-explorer/northflank.mdx

---
title: Deploying Explorer on Northflank
short: Northflank
---
import { Steps } from "nextra/components";

# Deploying Explorer on Northflank

Explorer can be deployed as a Railway service using the `autometricsw/am-proxy` Docker image. [Northflank supports running images from a container registery](https://northflank.com/docs/v1/application/run/run-an-image-from-a-container-registry). If no container registery is provided Northflank will default to Dockerhub.

<Steps>

### Create a Northflank service from a Docker image

Make sure to provide an environment variable with the key `PROMETHEUS_URL` and add as a value the correct Prometheus URL (can be an internal Northflank one, e.g.: `http://prometheus:9090` ) and kick off the deployment.

### Add network configurations

In order to make Explorer accessible externally - you need to configure the service network in the Northflank UI. Under Port & DNS make sure to tick the box `Publicly expose this port to the internet`. 
(Northflank will generate a URL for you or you can bring your own domain) 

### Verify deployment

> The Explorer should be accessible at the public generate service URL - navigate there and verify that it has connected with your Prometheus correctly, you should be seeing your Autometrics data come through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Explorer should be accessible at the previously-generated publicly-available URL - navigate there and verify that it has connected with your Prometheus correctly, you should be seeing your Autometrics data come through.
```
